Introduce 3D global settings and remove duplicate description (#6724)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/introduction/qgis_gui.rst

    Raising this value will add vertical walls ("skirts") around terrain
    tiles to hide the cracks.

* :guilabel:`Terrain elevation offset`: moves the terrain up or down,

>   e.g. to adjust its elevation with the ground of some objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e.g. to adjust its elevation with respect to the ground level of other objects in the scene.
```

This can be useful when there is a discrepancy between the height of the terrain and the height of layers in your scene (e.g. point clouds which use a relative vertical height only). In this case adjusting the terrain elevation manually to coincide with the elevation of objects in your scene can improve the navigation experience.
